{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green67\blue135;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \uc0\u9786  S\'e9van Belleau. \u9786 \

\b0 sevanbelleau.com\
sevanbelleau@gmail.com\
(Don\'92t worry, I don\'92t usually use my name this much)\
@all.even (instagram)
\fs24 \
\

\fs26 \ul 1. Frames.
\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Material(s): Canadian walnut, Canadian maple and Bird\'92s eye maple - 2017\uc0\u8232 	Built to respond to the impossibility of using structurally harmful hardware to hang frames in apartments, these standing frames discreetly display artwork while keeping walls un-scathed. 
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 2. Modular Sofa
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \uc0\u8232 Material(s): Baltic Birch Plywood, Beech, Beeswax, Leather - 2017\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	Built as a reflection on home, comfort and modularity. Created in collaboration with Allen\'92s Cruz, Johnelle Smith, Lys Quintero, Van Le.\

\fs26 \
\ul 3. Type Guide \ulnone \

\fs24 Material(s): Cardstock, recycled paper, string, spray paint - 2016\
	Compilation of student typeface studies. Hand bound.\

\fs26 \
\ul 4. Aging Coffee Table\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Material(s): Canadian maple, baltic birch, vegetable tanned leather, bee\'92s wax - 2016\uc0\u8232 	A table that was made to be the most efficient support for human interactions. Low to the ground without a single sharp edge, this table is made to glorify its use and document interactions. 
\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 5. Moulding Exploration\ulnone \

\fs24 Material(s): Epoxy resin- 2016\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This exploration took place in a Bio-mimicry class and focused on the capacity of Pyrite (fool\'92s gold) to create something it was not. Through the creation of negative space in objects it was hoped that an interesting form could be created inside this new space once the object would be removed/destroyed. Created in collaboration with Gavin Park and Seluna 
\f1 Fer\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 n\'e1ndez.
\f0\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\ul 6. Club Kuru Vinyl Redesign
\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Material(s): Cardstock- 2016\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Made in the context of DART 221 for Bristol musician Laurie Erskine. All the days is an EP that covers many feelings such as tragedy, romanticism and isolation. \
\

\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul 7. Meuble Oumnass
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 Material(s): Walnut, water stained beech, plywood, rocks, matt varnish\uc0\u8232 Info: The Oumnass piece of furniture was created to fit into the traditional Moroccan house as a large container for books and equipments.
\f2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3   ()                        \
  /\\  _        __,   _  _   \
 /  \\|/  |  |_/  |  / |/ |  \
/(__/|__/ \\/  \\_/|_/  |  |_/\
                            \
                            \
 , __      _   _                   \
/|/  \\    | | | |                  \
 | __/ _  | | | |  _   __,         \
 |   \\|/  |/  |/  |/  /  |  |   |  \
 |(__/|__/|__/|__/|__/\\_/|_/ \\_/|_/\
                                   \
}